# JNSQ
Of the French phrase *"Je Ne Sais Quoi,"* meaning *"Something (such as an appealing quality) that cannot be adequately described or expressed,"* JNSQ seeks to be a finely crafted and freshly intensely challenging planet pack. "Galileo's Planet Pack (GPP)" as many have come to know, has broken many conventions and raised the bar very high for high-quality, challenging, career-friendly, and long-term thrilling planet packs. But now it is regarded as only a stepping stone next to this. Everything that Team Galileo has done for and learned from GPP, has been or is being put into practice here.

Unlike GPP, JNSQ does not remove the stock planets but rather, does reimagine and reinvent them, destroying what you think you know about some of them, and answering the KSP community's cry for a true stock planet visual overhaul and the cry for the planets to be larger. JNSQ also fills out the local planetary system, providing several all new worlds to discover, with a total body count of 30, the amount in GPP excluding the dwarf star.

## Logic
Many KSP modders have considered that while the stock parts (namely, engines) are overpowered for stock scale, they are tuned just right for 2.5x scale. With this in mind, JNSQ is built in natively "1/4 real-life scale" (2.7x stock scale) which is modestly larger than 2.5x

**Sigma Dimensions** and **Rescale!** are not required for this mod to function, and will be *highly discouraged* from use alongside this mod.

## Disclaimer / Barrier to Entry
:warning: The target audience for JNSQ is the same as, if not narrower, than that of GPP. This mod is made not for the player-base at large, but for seasoned players: who greatly respect rocketry, realism and physics; who do not hold much regard for maintaining "stockalike" and "stock scale;" who are willing and able to mod their way to a great or greater game and who are able to troubleshoot a damaged install for themselves and help us to help them.

JNSQ introduces and bundles a new utility mod that depends on the Community Resource Pack and makes Ore even more scarce and challenging than GPP does. This mod is appropriately called Realistic Resources, whose purpose is to purge the random resource configurations generated by CRP, and grant increased compatibility between planet packs and mods that use certain resources.

Compatibility for mods that expect the stock planets with default topology, biomes, order or radii is not to be expected and will not be provided by us.

## Provided Compatibility
* Distant Objct Enhancement
* Enironmental Visual Enhancements
* Kerbal Health
* Kerbalism
* Kopernicus Expansion: Footprints
* MechJeb
* Planetshine
* Realistic Resources
* ResearchBodies
* scatterer (very specifically 0.05x or newer, for KSP 1.6.1 or newer)
* Skybox via Sigma Replacements, DiRT, TextureReplacer
* Strategia
* Waypoint Manager

## Not provided
* Kerbal Konstructs things
* Loading screen screenshots
* Extra anomalies

## Requirements
* Kopernicus (latest version or latest backport release for older KSP versions)
* ModuleManager 4 or newer

## Recommended Mods
### Parts
* [Eve Optimized Engines](https://github.com/OhioBob/Eve-Optimized-Engines/releases) what it says on the tin.
* [JX2 Antenna](https://spacedock.info/mod/1107/JX2Antenna) late-game antennae made to reduce the need to spam RA-15 and RA-100 and preclude the need to install Custom Barn Kit.

### Utilities
* [CommNet Antennas Info](https://spacedock.info/mod/2039/CommNet%20Antennas%20Info) expands the panel info for antennae in the  VAB.
* [Antenna Helper](https://spacedock.info/mod/1730/Antenna%20Helper) adequately and easily shows the power and ranges of combined antenna in VAB, flight and the Tracking Station.
* [Kronometer](https://github.com/StollD/Kronometer/releases) enables in-game time to adjust to custom Kerbin day lengths. 
* [Kerbal Alarm Clock](https://spacedock.info/mod/699/Kerbal%20Alarm%20Clock) now works with Kronometer; lets you easily mark the times for maneuvers and encounters in many flights.
* [Sigma Replacements](https://github.com/Sigma88/Sigma-Replacements/releases) a suite of tiny Sigma mods for changing things such as the main menu scene, kerbal suits, and the skybox.
